
---

### `LICENSE` (MIT + third-party assets notice)
```text
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Shailendra

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
THIRD-PARTY DESIGN / ASSETS NOTICE
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

This repository includes or is based on the "MNTN | Landing Page" design by
Kryston Schwarze (Figma Community). Design assets, images, and original Figma
files belong to the original author and are subject to the license provided
on the original Figma community page. The MIT license above applies to the
code written and authored by the repository owner (see copyright) but does
**not** override or re-license third-party assets from the original designer.

If you redistribute or publish this project (or derivatives that include the
design assets), you are responsible for ensuring you comply with the original
design asset license and providing proper attribution to the original author.

Original design references: see project README for links and author credits.